the spring flowers have long with it but
throughout May until mid-june the summer
flowers provide a new tapestry of color
stunning though they are it's not this
astonishing display of wild flowers
which will save them on tardo it's more
to do with visionary farmers like
Francisco who are prepared to experiment
with new ways of improving the
production and the quality of cork bark
for the factory's main reason why I
plant lupins and the Montana is because
I am of the opinion that we can't have
bare soil in the montage lupins is a
Legum it fixes nitrogen in the soil and
it also covers the soil in winter
avoiding erosion and you can graze them
when it's dried with the sheep or cattle
it's very good for the soil they below
the the cork oak